Made cosmetic edits to 5.1 release notes. (#18186)
django/django: docs/releases/5.1.txt

What's new in Django 5.1
========================

``{% query_string %}`` template tag
-----------------------------------

Django 5.1 introduces the :ttag:`{% query_string %} <query_string>` template
tag, simplifying the modification of query parameters in URLs, making it easier
to generate links that maintain existing query parameters while adding or
changing specific ones.

For instance, navigating pagination and query strings in templates can be
cumbersome. Consider this template fragment that dynamically generates a URL
for navigating to the next page within a paginated view:

.. code-block:: html+django

>     {# Linebreaks added for readability, otherwise this would be one, long line. #}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {# Linebreaks added for readability, this should be one, long line. #}
```

* The default iteration count for the PBKDF2 password hasher is increased from
  720,000 to 870,000.

> * To follow OWASP recommendations, the default ``parallelism`` of the
>   ``ScryptPasswordHasher`` is increased from 1 to 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The default ``parallelism`` of the ``ScryptPasswordHasher`` is 
  increased from 1 to 5, to follow OWASP recommendations.
```
(optional) maybe we switch the order?

Author: Applied.

Management Commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* The :djadmin:`makemigrations` command now displays meaningful symbols for
  each operation to highlight :class:`operation categories
  <django.db.migrations.operations.base.OperationCategory>`.

Migrations
~~~~~~~~~~

* The new ``Operation.category`` attribute allows specifying an
  :class:`operation category

>   <django.db.migrations.operations.base.OperationCategory>`, which is used by

Reviewer: I think I prefer this one the way it was 🤔
